Patch made in Max/MSP version 7.0.0.

Study and Concert patch for pieces for instrument(s) and tape

by, Philippe Trovão

This patch is free to use. I just appreciate when you'll be using it by mail: philippetrovao.sax@gmail.com

Features:

- Possibility to load several files and once and switch them easily;

- Big clock counter to follow;

- The "play from:" function allows to play from a specific place or second. 
  Just right the second or minute where you want to start in the small numbers right to the "play from:" button. 
  You can also select the place by dragging the yellow bar in the representation of the tape.

- There is a metronome that you can turn on at same time of the recording by clicking "Play with metronome". 
  The sound is set to output in the channel 3 to allow to play in concert with 2 main channels for tape and the third for headphones and metronome. 
  To make the metronome go to Channels 1 and 2 just click "Metronome to Main Output".


Instructions: (if you don't have Max/MSP you can download the trial version in Cycling74.com)

1- Before you open patch create a folder with the audio files you will be using with the pieces you'll be playing;

2- Open Max/MSP --> File Preferences and add the patch to the folder you made. After close Max7MSP;

3- Open this patch and drag the folder to the "Drop files/Folder here!". 
After this the menu below will show the content of the folder, select the tape you want at it's ready to go. 
You can select a different file without closing the patch.
